# Game Night

Check out some of the design details in the [wiki](https://github.com/Dustin-Adler/game_night/wiki).

Welcome to game night! It's a sad fact of life that as we age we tend to get busier and busier. Regardless of the stage of our life we still like to do fun things in our free time, don't we? Ahh, but there's a problem, isn't there? All of the most fun things that we want to do involve getting our friends and family together, but everyone else is just as busy! Ok, so we try our best to make plans. For instance, let's say I invite Jake to a game night on Friday. Jake then invites Mellissa, but Mellissa can't make it on Friday! So, Jake messages me back to ask if I can move it to Saturday. I've got a thing Saturday night ... and on, and on it goes. We wind up spending more time on the phone, sending texts, and writing emails scheduling our game night then actually playing! Wait, what's that you say! The amazing new app "Game Night" can solve this problem! No Way!! Please, tell me more ... 

Game Night is a lightweight and user-friendly application that you, your friends, family, and work buddies can use to schedule what matters most !!GAME TIME!! Just download the app, upload your schedules and create or join a group. Let "Game Night" help you navigate the schedules with an easy to read color coded calendar. The greener a date is, the more people in the group that have that slot available on their schedule. See a green date that you like? Suggest a game night! Enter some basic information about what you want to do that night and voila! Everyone in your group will be notified that you're trying to set up a new game night and have access to the details that you entered. Everyone that's a part of your group can then choose to RSVP or make their own suggestions. Everyone in the group will be able to see who has RSVPd, and if the game night has enough people to go ahead. Boom game time! No more time on the phone, he said she said, or confusing text messages and emails about times and places. One source of truth, no fuss, no muss.
